This is a set of instructions and files necessary to get the PS/2 mouse
working with FreeBSD. 

First, some explanations are in order as to why it doesn't work now.

The PS/2 mouse is an extension of the keyboard controller, so it uses
the same 'port' as the keyboard.  Even though it uses a different
interrupt it's possible to have both processes trying to read from the
same port at the same time, which can cause keyboard and/or mouse
lockups.  If everything works right nothing bad should happen, but there
are possibilities for problems due to two different drivers reading from
the same area in memory.

The bottom line is that it's bad for two drivers to use the same
interrupt, I/O address (port), memory address, or any part of the system
that is used for another device driver.  Code was added to
/sys/i386/isa/isa.c to not allow this to happen.

The real solution to the problem is to integrate the PS/2 mouse driver
into the keyboard controller so that it can differentiate between
keyboard and mouse events, but until that happens here is the
workaround.

Note, this driver is *known* to cause some keyboard lockups with certain
controllers and is not guaranteed to work all the time, but I will admit
that I am using this driver on quite a number of machines I support with
only rare problems which are easily fixed with a reboot.

What is needed is to add the driver to your system and to patch isa.c to
allow both device drivers to occupy the same I/O address.  Then you need
to add the device driver line to you kernel configuration file and rebuild
the kernel.  Finally, you need to make the appropriate /dev entries for
the ps/2 mouse.

1) Copy the file psm.c to /sys/i386/isa

2) Copy the file mouse.h /sys/i386/include

3) Patch the file /sys/i386/isa/isa.c with the file isa.patch

4) Add this line to your kernel config file:

device          psm0    at isa? port "IO_KBD" tty irq 12 vector psmintr

5) Configure and remake your kernel (Do a make clean before starting to
   make sure everything gets rebuilt)

6) Make the new /dev entries as 'MAKEDEV psm00' in /dev.

7) Boot the new kernel.  (Do all the necessary steps to make sure you
   don't hose yourself here)

8) At this point you'll probably want to point X at the new mouse, so
   modify the mouse line in Xconfig to say something like:

PS/2		"/dev/psm0"

9) Start X and be happy.
